fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/sunday-soup.md

title: Sunday Soup
images:
  - src: 2289401243_bd5d64d08b_b.jpg
    alt: Bowl of soup garnished with fresh cilantro leaves on light background
  - src: 2508443811_dea5264d74_b.jpg
    alt: Bowl of bright orange tomato soup in green bowl with fresh herb garnish and white ladle visible
  - src: 2809021657_008481c4da_b.jpg
    alt: Pink or coral colored beverage in glass with fresh mint leaves as garnish
  - src: 2836798561_f7395a64b5_b.jpg

>     alt: Large pot of vegetable soup with carrots, greens, corn, and other ingredients cooking on stove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Large pot of vegetable soup with carrots, greens, beans, and other ingredients cooking on stove
```

  - src: 2836800289_bac7bfd340_b.jpg

>     alt: Group of people sitting and conversing with food and drinks on low table in blue-walled interior space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Group of people sitting and conversing with food and drinks on low table in cafe space
```

  - src: 2836804157_7b5a85227a_b.jpg
    alt: People gathered around table eating during Sunday Soup event in wooden-framed space with books on shelves
  - src: 2837634274_53ac6ed66e_b.jpg
    alt: Presentation projection showing Brains Brilliancy Bohemia Art and Politics in Jazz-Age Chicago with colorful papel picado decorations
  - src: 2837634846_a5d785a943_b.jpg
    alt: Large group of people gathered around long table with food, plates, and drinks during community Sunday Soup meal
  - src: 3483425260_9c46fe70f5_b.jpg

>     alt: People standing during Sunday Soup event with presentation and decorations visible in background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Presentation projection showing Brains Brilliancy Bohemia Art and Politics in Jazz-Age Chicago with colorful decorations and people in foreground
```
